WRO-697: Use babel-preset-enact's babel config (#303)
enactjs/cli: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

> * Updated `babel.config.js` to use `babel-preset-enact` that supporting own enact app config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### pack

* Updated `babel.config.js` to use `babel-preset-enact` module that holds the babel config for Enact.
```
